# June 7th, 2019 @0926

Setup the project! The "specs" for this app are as follows:

1. Create a splash screen with the title of the app, your name and the date.
2. Create a screen that has a 2xn grid of hearthstone card data.

Each item in the grid should have the following data:
a) Name of Hearthstone card
b) Image of Hearthstone card (if a card doesn't have an image, display a placeholder image)
c) Type of Hearthstone card
d) PlayerClass of Hearthstone card

This data should be requested from the following API endpoint:

GET https://omgvamp-hearthstone-v1.p.mashape.com/cards

3. Add an icon to the app's header. When a user taps the icon, a text input should appear that allows the user to search for cards by name. When it appears, it should appear above the grid and can be dismissed. When the user inputs a keyword, and taps search, filter the grid based on the keyword related to the name of the Hearhstone card. When the user dismisses the search, reset the grid.

4. Add unit tests.


I'll include a rough sketch of what I imagine the app might be designed like in this log. For now, I've implemented a simple splash screen to confirm that the app runs as expected. I've included two pods that will help me handle the API. Since it's my first time using RapidAPI, I am referring to the [guide](https://medium.com/@enricopiovesan/using-rapidapi-and-swift-c44473f874ca) that is linked by RapidAPI that showcases a simple weather app.

I'll come back to work on this in the afternoon after classes and interviews. :)
