# June 7th, 2019 @0926

## Cells

Created the card cells and their respective viewmodels. Had to consider whether to pass the card models to the cell views directly, or to configure the viewmodels from the main collection view model. In the end, I went for the latter because it is more consistent with views not being aware of the model. 


## Collection View

The next step of course was to create a collection view, and display the cells. I'm using a basic flow layout, and item sizing to get the 2 column look. I will have to make sure that this displays alright on the smaller iPhones, and on larger tablets. I've been testing mostly on the iPhone 8 plus. 


Created a couple protocols and extensions to help with registering and dequeueing the cells. I got the idea from [this article on using generics](https://gist.github.com/gonzalezreal/92507b53d2b1e267d49a). I like how this makes the controller code that much cleaner. :)


## Images

This was a little tricky. My first attempt to get the images right was to immediately attempt to downlaod them once the cell view model was configured with a card model. This was a bad idea however, because there are over 6000 hearthstone cards being loaded at the moment. This means that a lot of downloads couldn't finish, presumably because the load was too great. Instead, I had to only attempt downloading an image when the cell was bound to its view model. At this point, the cell can request that the viewmodel prepares an image. A further improvement on this would be to use caching. I was going to play around with Kingfisher, but I think I can implement a simple cache later if I have time.

It was also important to make sure that the bindings between the cell and its viewmodel were disposed of before creating new bindings. Otherwise when a cell is reused, strange things can happen haha.


## Placeholders

When implementing the placeholder image, I noticed that there are a lot of broken image links. I will consider adding a different image placeholder for cards which should have an image, but the link is broken (like a 404 placeholder).


## Sort Cards

Just a small thing I noticed was that I seemed to receive the cards from the API in a different set order every time. I went ahead and sorted the cards by alphabetical name.


## Next Up

Tomorrow I will need to implement the search feature as a top priority. I will then want to add unit tests for the collection view model, and then I would like to have a loading state for the collection view as well. If I can complete all these things, then I will work on making the app palatable in terms of its user interface, but I'm not going for much to be honest. As much as I'd love to figure out a great, meaningful design for this little app, it is a busy weekend. :)

