# June 7th, 2019 @0926

## Searching

Added the searching functionality. The search bar can be prompted by tapping on the search icon in the navigation bar. I wasn't quite sure what I should label the icon as when performing a search; it was a toss-up between 'Cancel' and 'Done'. I went with cancel, because 'Done' felt a bit like it would perform the search, though it does not.


## Refresh Control

Added the pull to refresh functionality. At first I actually forgot I could use the collection view's refresh control, and implemented it 'maunually' with an activity indicator. Oops!


## UI Improvements

Finally got some time to pretty up the user interface. I decided to go with a simple card-like, News-like look for the cells. It was simply adding a drop shadow to the cells, and rounding the corners. I considered moving it into a subclass of UIView or CollctionViewCell, but because I don't see a plan to reuse the cell design, I decided just to implement it directly in the CardCollectionViewCell. Also added constraint variants for iPad devies. 

Made the titles of the cards a bit bigger, and also made the card type and player class appear in nice pill shaped labels. They don't look quite as nice on iPad, but I didn't want to dig into it too much for now. I made enumerations for the types and player classes, and cooked up some named colours to use for colour coding the different player classes. I like keeping the card type all as the same colour, otherwise it makes all the cards a little bit messy looking, and it wouldn't be clear to a user which colour should be expected for card types anyway (since they don't have colours ing the game I think).


## 404 Placeholder

Since it seems like a lot of the image urls are broken, I wanted to make it a little clearer as to when cards don't have an associated image url, and when they just can't be retrieved. Added a '404' text over the placeholder image I was using.


## App Icon

Added an app icon. It's actually just a material icon. I was going for the 'inn' look haha. Also updated the splash screen with the app icon.


## Empty State

Something I wanted to have was an empty state. It's very basic right now, but I made a simple message display when there are currently no cells to view. This can occur when loading the cards for the first time, in addition to making a search with no results.


## Unit Tests

Added unit tests for CollectionViewModel. These tests are not complete, but are a start of what I would do. Maybe the cards shouldn't be a constant, and every test can have their own set of cards to test from. Something to consider, but consider it a sample. :)


## Things I Didn't Finish

I would have liked to implement caching, tap to dismiss keyboard, and scroll to top when loading new results. I've done my best to demonstrate understanding of various parts of iOS decvelopment, from working with UI elements in storyboard, and programatically - also compliance for multiple device types and sizes. Although, slightly related, I didn't pay attention to rotation. Currently rotating the device will likely display at least 3 columns on most devices, instead of the desired 2. Unfortunately, I need to wrap it up at some point to get some other work done, as much fun as it has been plugging away at this little app. 

Some other things I thought would have been fun was a way to sort different player class, or card types. Also showing something more fun when loading. I opened up Hearthstone just for the first time in a long long while, and remembered the fun little loading messages they display. It would have been funny to do something like that. :)






